Welcome to your Adventure.  You have found yourself trapped inside a magical
realm.  Using options presented before you, you will need to navigate through
this realm and pick up items to aid in your escape.

Be careful though, danger awaits you at every turn.  You have 100 health points
until you die and return to the starting point.  If this happens three times,
then you fail your escape.

There are 8 different actions that you can take.  These are "describe",
"directions","inventory","stats","actions","help","clear", and "quit".
You may type these words or their synonyms and press enter to execute
the option.  Furthermore, note that these commands are case insensitive
and the program will only read the first five letters (i.e. Inven will 
be read as inventory). 

The first option "Describe" will describe the current environment that you are
in. Regardless, everytime you enter a new room the description will be shown.
But, if you need a refresher this is here for you. "Show" or "Tell" will also
work.

The second option "Directions" will print out the possible directions that
you can go based on your current position in the game.

The third option "Inventory" or "items" will print out the items in your inventory.
Note that you can only hold three items at any given time.

The fourth option "Stats" or "health" will print out your health and lives.

The fifth option "Actions" will show you the possible actions in the game
that you may take.  These options are go, grab, drop, use, examine, open,
and close.  For each of the words you must type one more word after it.
This may be "grab knife" or "go south".  You will type this after the prompt
that looks like this, ">> ". If you accidentally type 1 word and press enter,
just type in the next word and press enter again.

The sixth option "Help" will show you this text.

The seventh option "Clear" will clear the entire sceen and reprint the
description of where you are.

The last option "Quit" will allow you to exit the game.  It will then
ask you to name the game so that you can retrieve the saved game later.

Good luck and Godspeed.
